# 411-project

Our two ideas both involve the spotify API. The first is to use it to collect data about the user's favorite artists and create a sort of magazine collage. Our second idea is similar but has a different result. We will collect the user's favorite artists and then find the artist's hometown and the most popular drug there. Then we can tell the user what kind of drugs are associated with what they listen to.

For our first idea, we are going to use spotify api to collect data about the user. We are going to have the user sign in and then we can use the api to find their top artists and top songs, which we can then use to find the images for our collage. For that, we are going to use google and web scraping to collect images about the artists. However for the next step, this is where we find the most difficult part. We need to come up with a way to sort of cut out just the artist's faces and piece them together. Some of our ideas for how to do this were using AI like chatGPT, however we find out that chatGPT can't create or deal with images of real people. This is idea would be really cool to do but we still need to do some more research to find out how to do this final piece of the puzzle.

For our second idea, we had to come up with something a little more doable than the first one. We decided to go with spotify again and use web scraping to find information about the user's favorite artists. In each spotify profile there is a description, usually with their hometown in it. If we can't find it there we could webscrape wikipedia and find their artist's favorite hometown there. With this we are going to use the web or chatGPT again to find the most popular drugs in these hometowns. We believe that this idea is a lot easier and is very open-ended for us to add more things on once we get the initial idea. 
